What do you say, father can do it tomorrow
That's impossible.
This is the strange poison of Tianzhu
Yue Yidu was born unexpectedly
13 How did he save him?
It was the 13th prince who exchanged blood for His Majesty
And I heard him say it.
His Majesty will wake up tomorrow afternoon at the latest
exchange blood
This 13.
Repeatedly break my taboo
Your Highness
Now what?
For now
Just give it a go
Ariben
retreat without incident
Since you are all right
Grandson has something to go
What's the matter with you?
Grandma Wang's country cannot be without a king for a day
The father is late
I suggest that the ownership of the throne be decided as soon as possible
What if I don't agree?
Sun Er's sword doesn't recognize people anymore
presumptuous
Take this putty off for me
I see who dares
The king's soldiers have surrounded the entire RV
If you don't want to die, just give up and capture it